Queue methods :

1. Size()
    - The size() method returns the number of items in the queue. If the queue is empty, it returns 0
2. Insert()
    - The insert() method inserts the given item at the specified index position
3. Delete()
    - If the index is not specified, then the delete() method deletes all the elements in the queue, leaving the
     queue empty
4. Pop_front()
    - The pop_front() method removes and returns the first element of the queue
5. Pop_back()
    - The pop_back() method removes and returns the last element of the queue
6. Push_front()
    - The push_front() method inserts the given element at the front of the queue
7.  Push_back()
    -The push_back() method inserts the given element at the end of the queue

Locator methods are supported :

    — find() returns all the elements satisfying the given expression
    — find_index() returns the indices of all the elements satisfying the given expression
    — find_first() returns the first element satisfying the given expression
    — find_first_index() returns the index of the first element satisfying the given expression
    — find_last() returns the last element satisfying the given expression
    — find_last_index() returns the index of the last element satisfying the given expression
    - min() returns the element with the minimum value or whose expression evaluates to a minimum
    — max() returns the element with the maximum value or whose expression evaluates to a maximum
    — unique() returns all elements with unique values or whose expression evaluates to a unique value
    — unique_index() returns the indices of all elements with unique values or whose expression
      evaluates to a unique value

Array ordering methods:

    - reverse() reverses the order of the elements in the array. 
    — sort() sorts the array in ascending order, optionally using the expression in the with clause. 
    — rsort() sorts the array in descending order, optionally using the expression in the with clause
    — shuffle() randomizes the order of the elements in the array. Specifying a with clause shall be a
      compiler error

Array reduction methods: 

    - sum() returns the sum of all the array elements or, if a with clause is specified, returns the sum of
    the values yielded by evaluating the expression for each array element
    — product() returns the product of all the array elements or, if a with clause is specified, returns the
    product of the values yielded by evaluating the expression for each array element
    — and() returns the bitwise AND ( & ) of all the array elements or, if a with clause is specified,
    returns the bitwise AND of the values yielded by evaluating the expression for each array element
    — or() returns the bitwise OR ( | ) of all the array elements or, if a with clause is specified, returns the
    bitwise OR of the values yielded by evaluating the expression for each array element
    — xor() returns the bitwise XOR ( ^ ) of all the array elements or, if a with clause is specified,
    returns the bitwise XOR of the values yielded by evaluating the expression for each array element
